readme.md
setup.py
官方文档中的错误信息.txt
.idea/.gitignore
.idea/deployment.xml
.idea/misc.xml
.idea/modules.xml
.idea/okx_api.iml
.idea/remote-mappings.xml
.idea/vcs.xml
.idea/inspectionProfiles/Project_Default.xml
.idea/inspectionProfiles/profiles_settings.xml
examples/1.1 OKX（库）安装与介绍.ipynb
examples/1.2 API函数接口总览.ipynb
examples/1.3 API 行情接口.ipynb
examples/1.4 API 交易账户.ipynb
examples/1.5 API 基础交易.ipynb
examples/1.6 API 公共数据.ipynb
examples/2.1 APP 现货交易账户.ipynb
examples/2.10 APP 现货交易-市价单平仓.ipynb
examples/2.2 APP 现货行情-交易规则信息.ipynb
examples/2.3 APP 现货行情-实时行情.ipynb
examples/2.4 APP 现货行情-历史K线.ipynb
examples/2.5 APP 现货交易-基础订单.ipynb
examples/2.6 APP 现货交易-价格与数量.ipynb
examples/2.7 APP 现货交易-限价单开仓.ipynb
examples/2.8 APP 现货交易-市价单开仓.ipynb
examples/2.9 APP 现货交易-限单价平仓.ipynb
examples/3.1 APP 永续合约交易账户.ipynb
examples/3.10 APP 永续合约交易-市价单平仓.ipynb
examples/3.2 APP 永续合约行情-交易规则信息.ipynb
examples/3.3 APP 永续合约行情-实时行情.ipynb
examples/3.4 APP 永续合约行情-历史K线.ipynb
examples/3.5 APP 永续合约交易-基础订单.ipynb
examples/3.6 APP 永续合约交易-价格与数量.ipynb
examples/3.7 APP 永续合约交易-限价单开仓.ipynb
examples/3.8 APP 永续合约交易-市价单开仓.ipynb
examples/3.9 APP 永续合约交易-限单价平仓.ipynb
examples/4.1 APP K线服务 下载历史K线.ipynb
examples/4.2 APP K线服务 每日定时下载昨日历史K线.ipynb
examples/4.3 APP K线服务 维护实时历史K线.ipynb
okx/__init__.py
okx.egg-info/PKG-INFO
okx.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
okx.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
okx.egg-info/requires.txt
okx.egg-info/top_level.txt
okx/api/__init__.py
okx/api/_client.py
okx/api/account.py
okx/api/algotrade.py
okx/api/blocktrade.py
okx/api/copytrade.py
okx/api/earn.py
okx/api/fundingaccount.py
okx/api/gridtrade.py
okx/api/market.py
okx/api/public.py
okx/api/recurringbuy.py
okx/api/savings.py
okx/api/signalbottrade.py
okx/api/spreadtrade.py
okx/api/status.py
okx/api/subaccount.py
okx/api/trade.py
okx/api/tradingstatistics.py
okx/app/__init__.py
okx/app/utils.py
okx/app/account/__init__.py
okx/app/account/accountSPOT.py
okx/app/account/accountSWAP.py
okx/app/candle_server/__init__.py
okx/app/candle_server/rule.py
okx/app/candle_server/server.py
okx/app/code/__init__.py
okx/app/code/account.py
okx/app/code/execute.py
okx/app/code/market.py
okx/app/code/trade.py
okx/app/exception/__init__.py
okx/app/exception/_base.py
okx/app/exception/param.py
okx/app/exception/request.py
okx/app/exception/rule.py
okx/app/exception/unexpected.py
okx/app/market/__init__.py
okx/app/market/_base.py
okx/app/market/exchange_info.py
okx/app/market/history_candle.py
okx/app/market/ticker.py
okx/app/market/utils.py
okx/app/trade/__init__.py
okx/app/trade/tradeSPOT/__init__.py
okx/app/trade/tradeSPOT/_base.py
okx/app/trade/tradeSPOT/close.py
okx/app/trade/tradeSPOT/open.py
okx/app/trade/tradeSPOT/order.py
okx/app/trade/tradeSPOT/quantity_and_price.py
okx/app/trade/tradeSWAP/__init__.py
okx/app/trade/tradeSWAP/_base.py
okx/app/trade/tradeSWAP/close.py
okx/app/trade/tradeSWAP/open.py
okx/app/trade/tradeSWAP/order.py
okx/app/trade/tradeSWAP/quantity_and_price.py